Supreme Bestowal of Intelligence: A Supplication to the Authorization Lineage of the Secret Practice of Red Sarasvatī, Supplemented with Aspirations Namo guru śrī sarasvatyai! Vikṣaparama, you were accepted directly by the Goddess of Melody, By the Sovereign Lady of Speech herself; Śrī Sugatarakṣita; Jayaka; And Bhāskaradeva-I supplicate you all! Śākyaśrībhadra; Dānaśīla; Sakya Paṇḍita; Gyaltsa Lungmangpo; Yönten Tri; Siṃhabhadra; And Senge Gyaltsen-I supplicate you all! Sublime Melody of the Victors, Lama Sönam; Victory Banner of the Dharma, Karma Trinlepa; Tsarchen Je; Jampa Döndrub; And Zhönu Chöpal-I supplicate you all! Paljor Lhundrub; All-Knowing Zurchen; Lobzang Gyatso; Gewe Wangpo; Ngawang Jinpa; Lodrö Wangchuk; And Losal Puntsok-I supplicate you all! Morchen Je; Sovereign of Nesar; Kunga Lodrö; Tenpe Nyima; Tenpe Drönme; Trinle Yönten; And the root gurus (including Jampa Ngawang Tenzin Nyendrak)-I supplicate you all! Alternatively, recite up to "Paljor Lhundrub; All-Knowing Zurchen" and then continue with the following lines: Lobzang Gyatso; heart son Jamyang Drak; Dewe Dorje; Tenpe Gyaltsen; And Jigme Wangpo-I supplicate you all! Mañjuśrī in person, Tenpe Drönme; Vajra-holder Könchok Gyaltsen; Sovereign of all buddha families, Tenpa Rabgye; And the other root and lineage gurus-I supplicate you all! Then continue as follows: Through the blessings of supplicating so, Watered by the renunication of saṃsāra, May the utpala blossom of twofold bodhicitta Be laden with the fruits of the genuine view! In particular, may the Goddess of Oceanic Melodies, Who is inseparable from the all-pervasive glorious guru, Accept me directly, and by virtue of this May the light of discriminating wisdom expand! Through the power of that, may my intelligence discerning The scriptural traditions of the profound and vast shine bright, And, perfectly crossing the ocean of study, reflection, and meditation, May I swiftly attain the all-knowing state! This supplication was made by Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo, a monk of Śākyamuni. Siddhirastu. 
